># Introduction
______________

Before integrating the IT system in early 2010 [1], [4], manual methods were conventionally employed by the electricity distribution company. Electrical linesmen were sent to the site to inspect, track, and maintain distribution and overhead power lines with mechanical devices. This procedure generally included pole climbing, foot patrols, and vehicle inspection, just involving human subjectivity [5]. These manual methods are time-consuming, labour-intensive, imprecise, and risky. Providentially, the current availability of fast computers, digital data acquisition technology, and digital data processing along with information technology and geographic Information system brought a revolution into electricity distribution [1]– [4]. For example, in fault analysis, network optimization, asset audit, load forecasting, customer indexing, and listing [1]–[4], GIS and GPS have been used to provide database management capabilities and pinpoint the location of electrical assets. However, this process is cumbersome and exposes utility staff directly to unsafe conditions during inspection [5].

As a result of these, other geospatial technique has been adopted. Most notable is the use of very high-resolution imagery (VHRI) via Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) surveillance using red-green-blue (RGB), light detection and ranging (LIDAR), radio detection and ranging (RADAR), or a modular combination of any of these sensors [5], [6]. RADAR data ranging from millimetre waves to polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (POLSAR) operates under all-weather and all-day conditions. Most polarimetric detection algorithms are based on power-transmission lines’ polarimetric scattering characteristics [6]. However, the SAR images are unreliable due to signal losses (SCR), poor backscattering, ground-return noisy data, and lack of technical-know-how [7]. Furthermore, the application of LIDAR sensors in remote sensing platforms, especially in UAV, has improved the prospect of automatic capture of all electrical assets, especially transmission lines. In this regard, Guan et al. [7] designed a step-by-step process for the separation of power transmission lines using LIDAR data. Consequently, high spatial resolution multispectral images are provided by UAV surveillance with the advantage of flying relatively close to power transmission assets to take detailed images, which is very useful for detecting small faults, for instance, broken wires and missing splints [8].

The combination of very high resolution UAV imagery with scientific and technological developments like artificial intelligence, which enables an ever - volume of data to be processed, has increased growing research on the use of aerial surveying data to allow the conditions on power lines to be distinguished automatically. This research seeks to detect and classify vision-based components’ faults on the electricity transmission line using very high-resolution oblique imageries (VHROI) and deep learning techniques (DLT).

_____________

##### | [`Next Page`](Installation.md) |
| [Go Back](../README.md) |
----
